created file adding volume component and details of openshift component (#132)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_adding-a-kubernetes-or-openshift-component-to-a-devfile.adoc

[id="proc_adding-a-kubernetes--or-openshift-component-to-a-devfile_{context}"]
= Adding a kubernetes or openshift component to a devfile

[role="_abstract"]

> You can add either a `kubernetes` or `openshfit` component to a devfile, enabling you to configure your devfile to your unique development needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add either a `kubernetes` or `openshfit` component to a devfile. Doing so enables you to configure your devfile to your unique development needs. 
```

Reviewer: - L15: . Define a component using the `kubernetes` or `openshift` type.
- L19: .Adding a `openshift` component using the `uri` property

> You can add either a `kubernetes` or `openshfit` component to a devfile. Doing so enables you to configure your devfile to your unique development needs.

Reviewer 2: `openshfit` is misspelled

.Procedure

. Define a component using the `kubernetes` or `openshift` type.

. Provide the content through the `uri` or `inlined` property.
+

> .Adding a `openshift` component using the `uri` property

Reviewer 2: should this be `an` ?
